=head1 Top level 'bin' scripts and miscellaneous.

Scripts

=head2 cleanup.pl

Calls cleanAll on entries.

=head2 cmd.pl

xPapers shell.

=head2 eval.pl

Imports config and then evals ARGV[0].

=head2 plugin-manager.pl

Tests harvester plugins.

=head2 printdiff.pl

Pretty prints xPapers::Diff objects.

=head2 sshblock.sh



=head2 start

Restarts the Apache and Sphinx servers.

=head2 wrapper.pl

Executes scripts, logs resutls and notifies administrators in case of errors.

=head2 operations/batchimport.pl

Imports entries from files.

=head2 operations/update_cats.pl

Applies changes to categories batched in the cat_edits table.

=head1 bin/harvest scripts


=head2 crossref.pl

Fetches records from the CrossRef site.

=head2 feeds.pl

Fetches records from the registered RSS feeds.

=head2 lib-harvest.pl



=head2 oai.pl

Fetches records from the OAI archives registered.

=head2 opendoar-fetch.pl



=head2 plugin-manager.pl



=head2 scrape.pl



=head2 web-harvester.pl



=head2 z3950.pl




=head1 bin/routine

Scripts run routinely.

=head2 bin/routine/archive_notices.pl

Moves old notices to archive.notices.

=head2 bin/routine/articles_from_zipped_feeds.pl

Retrieves NLM packages with articles.

=head2 bin/routine/autocatj.pl

Automatically categorises articles from journals. Uses the categories which can be set by admins on journals' pages.

=head2 bin/routine/calc-ratings.pl

Calculates user ratings, for example, publication ratings.

=head2 bin/routine/categorize.pl

Categorises articles using the AI categoriser. Needs to be run manually with options explained inside for training.

=head2 bin/routine/catlinks.pl

Updates table catlinks_tmp

=head2 bin/routine/checklinks.pl

Checks links or recompiles links table.

=head2 bin/routine/check-replication.pl

Checks if replication is working (run on master and slave with options explained inside).

=head2 bin/routine/check_tunnel.sh

Checks/sets up ssh tunnel for mysql connection between master and slave. 

=head2 bin/routine/compile-journals.pl

Recompiles main_journals table (the list(s) shown in the journal archive section).

=head2 bin/routine/crossref-fetch.pl

Fetches list of journals from the CrossRef website and updates the C<harvest_journals> table.

=head2 bin/routine/daily.pl

Various daily maintenance.

=head2 bin/routine/distribute-mail.pl

Passes email messages from our database to the MTA.

=head2 bin/routine/email-alerts.pl

Computes content alerts.

=head2 bin/routine/evaleds.pl

Computes the data shown on the editor performance page.

=head2 bin/routine/failing_rss_alert.pl

Checks for failed RSS feeds.

=head2 bin/routine/find_book_for_chapter.pl

Links chapters to books (creates the book entries if not present).

=head2 bin/routine/followers-alert.pl

Generates notifications about new followers.

=head2 bin/routine/following-alerts.pl

Generates notifications about new works by followed authors.

=head2 bin/routine/frequently.pl

Passes email messages from our database to the MTA. (duplicate?)

=head2 bin/routine/generate_prefixes.pl

Generates query set for Z39.50 harvester. Must be run after updating the call number database.

=head2 bin/routine/get_abebooks_data.pl

Gets pricing and other info from AbeBooks. (deprecated)

=head2 bin/routine/get_amazon_data.pl

Gets pricing and other info from Amazon.

=head2 bin/routine/googlebooks.pl

Gets book info from GoogleBooks.

=head2 bin/routine/hard-delete.pl

Slowly hard deletes entries listed in the to_delete table.

=head2 bin/routine/import-from-master.pl

Synchronizes archived on the master server.

=head2 bin/routine/improve_isbns.pl

Improves isbn data by matching with records from Amazon.

=head2 bin/routine/mkancestors.pl

Rebuilds the ancestor and primary_ancestors computed tables.

=head2 bin/routine/mkauthors.pl

Rebuilds the main_authors computed table.

=head2 bin/routine/mkdfo.pl

Rebuilds the dfo and edfo values of Cat objects (used to speed up tree operations using the primary membership relation)

=head2 bin/routine/mkdict.pl

Generates a local spelling dictionary.

=head2 bin/routine/mkedreports.pl

Notifies editors about work needed in their categories.

=head2 bin/routine/mkmap.pl

Makes site map. Generates a bunch of xmap-N.gz files under /assets/raw that Google should be told about.

=head2 bin/routine/pack-db.sh

Generates a compressed backup of database tables in $XPAPERS/back.

=head2 bin/routine/prep-links.pl

Cleans up links

=head2 bin/routine/send-incomplete-warnings.pl

Generates emails prompting completion of entries by a user.

=head2 bin/routine/send-mail-notices.pl

Generates emails notifying about new events in subscribed areas.

=head2 bin/routine/similar.pl


=head2 bin/routine/train-categorizer.pl

Trains the categoriser.

=head2 bin/routine/update-pros.pl


=head2 bin/routine/viewings.pl


=head2 bin/routine/weekly.pl


=head2 bin/routine/worldcat.pl

Updates WorldCat resolver weights.

=head1 bin/setup

Scripts needed to setup the environment.


=head2 apply-sql-patches.pl

Applies patches from the appropriate sql patches directory.
Patches need to be correct SQL statement taking up one line.
The correctly applied patches are remembered and are not applied second time.

=head2 compileyui.pl

Compiles the yui Javascript libraries into one file.

=head2 cpan.pl

This can be replaced by 'cpanm'

=head2 import-feeds-springer.pl



=head2 import-feeds-wiley.pl



=head2 init-database.pl

Creates the database in MySQL and fills it in with initial data.

=head2 init-entry-cache.pl

Initialized the cache with the Entries data.

=head2 load-unis.pl

Initializes the insts table with data from 'etc/uni.txt'.

=head2 mkdirs.pl

Creates directories that are not stored in the git repository.

=head2 mkforums.pl



=head2 mkinstlist.pl


