=head1 bin/routine

Scripts run routinely.

=head2 bin/routine/archive_notices.pl

Moves old notices to archive.notices.

=head2 bin/routine/articles_from_zipped_feeds.pl

Retrieves NLM packages with articles.

=head2 bin/routine/autocatj.pl

Automatically categorizes articles from journals. Uses the categories which can be set by admins on journals' pages.

=head2 bin/routine/bad-bot-check.pl

Checks for bad bots and ban them using iptables.

=head2 bin/routine/calc-ratings.pl

Calculates user ratings, for example, publication ratings.

=head2 bin/routine/categorize.pl

Categorizes articles using the AI categorizer. Needs to be run manually with options explained inside for training.

=head2 bin/routine/catlinks.pl

Updates table catlinks_tmp

=head2 bin/routine/checklinks.pl

Checks links or recompiles links table.

=head2 bin/routine/check-replication.pl

Checks if replication is working (run on master and slave with options explained inside).

=head2 bin/routine/check_tunnel.sh

Checks/sets up ssh tunnel for mysql connection between master and slave. 

=head2 bin/routine/compile-journals.pl

Recompiles main_journals table (the list(s) shown in the journal archive section).

=head2 bin/routine/crossref-fetch.pl

Fetches list of journals from the CrossRef website and updates the C<harvest_journals> table.

=head2 bin/routine/daily.pl

Various daily maintenance.

=head2 bin/routine/distribute-mail.pl

Passes email messages from our database to the MTA.

=head2 bin/routine/email-alerts.pl

Computes content alerts.

=head2 bin/routine/evaleds.pl

Computes the data shown on the editor performance page.

=head2 bin/routine/failing_rss_alert.pl

Checks for failed RSS feeds.

=head2 bin/routine/find_book_for_chapter.pl

Links chapters to books (creates the book entries if not present).

=head2 bin/routine/followers-alert.pl

Generates notifications about new followers.

=head2 bin/routine/following-alerts.pl

Generates notifications about new works by followed authors.

=head2 bin/routine/frequently.pl

Passes email messages from our database to the MTA. (duplicate?)

=head2 bin/routine/generate_prefixes.pl

Generates query set for Z39.50 harvester. Must be run after updating the call number database.

=head2 bin/routine/get_abebooks_data.pl

Gets pricing and other info from AbeBooks. (deprecated)

=head2 bin/routine/get_amazon_data.pl

Gets pricing and other info from Amazon.

=head2 bin/routine/googlebooks.pl

Gets book info from GoogleBooks.

=head2 bin/routine/hard-delete.pl

Slowly hard deletes entries listed in the to_delete table.

=head2 bin/routine/import-from-master.pl

Synchronizes archived on the master server.

=head2 bin/routine/improve_isbns.pl

Improves isbn data by matching with records from Amazon.

=head2 bin/routine/mkancestors.pl

Rebuilds the ancestor and primary_ancestors computed tables.

=head2 bin/routine/mkauthors.pl

Rebuilds the main_authors computed table.

=head2 bin/routine/mkdfo.pl

Rebuilds the dfo and edfo values of Cat objects (used to speed up tree operations using the primary membership relation)

=head2 bin/routine/mkdict.pl

Generates a local spelling dictionary.

=head2 bin/routine/mkedreports.pl

Notifies editors about work needed in their categories.

=head2 bin/routine/mkmap.pl

Makes site map. Generates a bunch of xmap-N.gz files under /assets/raw that Google should be told about.

=head2 bin/routine/pack-db.sh

Generates a compressed backup of database tables in $XPAPERS/back.

=head2 bin/routine/prep-links.pl

Cleans up links

=head2 bin/routine/send-incomplete-warnings.pl

Generates emails prompting completion of entries by a user.

=head2 bin/routine/send-mail-notices.pl

Generates emails notifying about new events in subscribed areas.

=head2 bin/routine/similar.pl


=head2 bin/routine/train-categorizer.pl

Trains the categorizer.

=head2 bin/routine/update-pros.pl


=head2 bin/routine/viewings.pl


=head2 bin/routine/weekly.pl


=head2 bin/routine/worldcat.pl

Updates WorldCat resolver weights.

